
\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename patchelf-wrapper.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle patchelf-wrapper Reference Manual
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2022 Christopher Rodriguez

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@dircategory Miscellaneous
@direntry
* patchelf-wrapper: (patchelf-wrapper).   
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title The patchelf-wrapper Manual
@author Christopher Rodriguez

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll

@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@c *********************************************************************
@node Top
@top patchelf-wrapper

This document describes patchelf-wrapper version @value{VERSION}.

@menu
* Introduction::                patchelf-wrapper?
* pew::                         The command-line utility.
* Library::                     The functions that make it possible.

* Concept Index::               Concepts Used, and Where.
* Programming Index::           Functions, Variables, Etc.

* Procedure Types::             Data, Calculations, and Actions.
* GNU FDL::                     The License for this Manual.

@detailmenu
 --- The Detailed Node Listing ---

Introduction

pew

* Basic Usage::                 Using the tool as intended.

Library

@end detailmenu
@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Introduction, pew, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

The purpose of this project is to make easier the complex task of using
patchelf alongside GNU/Guix.

I began this project when I found myself forgetting the intricacies of
referencing different outputs in GNU/Guix when trying to apply them with
patchelf. Mostly because of proprietary video games, if I'm honest.

I've published this publicly in the hopes that it might be of use to
someone at some point, though I also just wanted a convenient place to
pull it from into my own GNU Guix Home configuration.

@c *********************************************************************
@node pew, Basic Usage, Introduction, Top
@chapter pew
@command{pew} is the name of the main tool for this project (stands for
(P)atch(e)lf-(w)rapper). This section will define how to use it.

@menu
* Basic Usage::                 How to use this cli tool.
@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Basic Usage, Library, pew, pew
@section Basic Usage
What follows is a brief introduction to @command{pew} and how it can be
used to accomplish common tasks.

@c *********************************************************************
@node Library, pew, Concept Index, Top
@chapter Library

The patchelf-wrapper library is how the @command{pew} script will do its
job, and this is where each part of it will be described.

@c *********************************************************************
@deffn {Scheme Procedure} dereference-env @var{variable}
@ref{ACTION}.

Look up the environment variable @var{variable} in the running
environment, and return that value as a string.

@emph{Note:} The specified variable shouldn't be preceded by a sigil
(for instance, bash uses @code{$}) that denotes it as an environment
variable. Just include the name of the variable itself@footnote{So, to
dereference @var{$HOME}, use "HOME" as @var{variable}.}.

@lisp
(use-modules (cdr255 userlib))

(dereference-env "HOME")) @result{} "/home/user"
@end lisp
@end deffn

@c *********************************************************************
@node Concept Index, Programming Index, Library, Top
@chapter Concept Index
@printindex cp

@c *********************************************************************
@node Programming Index, Procedure Types, Concept Index, Top
@chapter Programming Index
@syncodeindex tp fn
@syncodeindex vr fn
@printindex fn

@c *********************************************************************
@node Procedure Types, GNU FDL, Programming Index, Top
@cindex Procedure Types
@include procedure-types.texi

@c *********************************************************************
@node GNU FDL, , Procedure Types, Top
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@cindex license, GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@c *********************************************************************
@bye
